{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26880\viewh19580\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Interview Master 100\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Two Sum}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/amazon-coding-challenge-netflix-design"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	2.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Valid Parentheses}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/most-asked-easy-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	3.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Merge Two Sorted Lists}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-really-ask"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	4.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/can-you-crack-apple-interview"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	5.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Valid Palindrome}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-asked-easy-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	6.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Invert Binary Tree}}\
{\listtext	7.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Valid Anagram}}\
{\listtext	8.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Binary Search}}\
{\listtext	9.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Linked List Cycle}}\
{\listtext	10.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Maximum Depth of Binary Tree}}\
{\listtext	11.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Single Number}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-meta-s-favorite-problem-fe3953e40a5ac5c0"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	12.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Reverse Linked List}}\
{\listtext	13.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Majority Element}}\
{\listtext	14.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Missing Number}}\
{\listtext	15.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Reverse String}}\
{\listtext	16.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Diameter of Binary Tree}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-microsoft-clash-who-ll-win"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	17.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Middle of the Linked List}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/tricky-problem-from-apple-interview"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	18.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree}}\
{\listtext	19.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Maximum Subarray}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/if-you-cant-solve-this-coding-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	20.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Climbing Stairs}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/ubers-favorite-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	21.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Symmetric Tree}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/linkedin-trees"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	22.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Product of Array Except Self}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/microsoft-coding-problem-uber-design"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	23.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-arrays"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	24.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul House Robber}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/hot-dp-problem-inside"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	25.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Number of 1 Bits}}\
{\listtext	26.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Validate Binary Search Tree}}\
{\listtext	27.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Min Stack}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/mustknow-interview-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	28.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Contains Duplicate}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/faang-asked-this-problem-31-times"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	29.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Kth Smallest Element in a BST}}\
{\listtext	30.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Merge Intervals}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/meta-microsoft-love"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	31.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Set Matrix Zeroes}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/5-git-commands-must-know"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	32.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Spiral Matrix}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/matrix-everywhere"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	33.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul 3Sum}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/meta-asked-55-times"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	34.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal}}\
{\listtext	35.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal}}\
{\listtext	36.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Container With Most Water}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/faangs-asked-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	37.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/convert-binary-tree-into-linkedlist"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	38.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Group Anagrams}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/amazon-anagrams"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	39.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)}}\
{\listtext	40.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Kth Largest Element in an Array}}\
{\listtext	41.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Longest Palindromic Substring}}\
{\listtext	42.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/amazon-keeps-asking-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	43.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/maximal-square/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Maximal Square}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-asked-this-dp-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	44.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Maximum Product Subarray}}\
{\listtext	45.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Minimum Window Substring}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/meta-asked-this-hard-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	46.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Number of Islands}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/problem-asked-130-times"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	47.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Permutations}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-in-big-trouble"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	48.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Remove Nth Node From End of List}}\
{\listtext	49.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Rotate Image}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/amazon-asked-math-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	50.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Search a 2D Matrix}}\
{\listtext	51.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Search in Rotated Sorted Array}}\
{\listtext	52.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Subsets}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/microsoft-backtracking"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	53.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Top K Frequent Elements}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/apple-loves-this"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	54.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Trapping Rain Water}}\
{\listtext	55.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted}}\
{\listtext	56.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Unique Paths}}\
{\listtext	57.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Valid Sudoku}}\
{\listtext	58.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Word Break}}\
{\listtext	59.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Word Search}}\
{\listtext	60.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Add Two Numbers}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/faangs-linked-lists"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	61.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Basic Calculator}}\
{\listtext	62.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Coin Change}}\
{\listtext	63.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Combination Sum}}\
{\listtext	64.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Copy List with Random Pointer}}\
{\listtext	65.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Course Schedule}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/faang-asked-this-59-times"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	66.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/design-add-and-search-words-data-structure/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Design Add and Search Words Data Structure}}\
{\listtext	67.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Merge Sorted Array}}\
{\listtext	68.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/find-median-from-data-stream/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Find Median from Data Stream}}\
{\listtext	69.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Game of Life}}\
{\listtext	70.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Jump Game}}\
{\listtext	71.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Letter Combinations of a Phone Number}}\
{\listtext	72.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Longest Consecutive Sequence}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/google-amazon-love"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	73.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Longest Increasing Subsequence}}\
{\listtext	74.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Median of Two Sorted Arrays}}\
{\listtext	75.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Merge k Sorted Lists}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/asked-leetcode-hard-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	76.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Minimum Path Sum}}\
{\listtext	77.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search-ii/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Word Search II}}\
{\listtext	78.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Reverse Nodes in k-Group}}\
{\listtext	79.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule-ii/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Course Schedule II}}\
{\listtext	80.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Remove Element}}\
{\listtext	81.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Rotate Array}}\
{\listtext	82.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/bitwise-and-of-numbers-range/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Bitwise AND of Numbers Range}}\
{\listtext	83.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Palindrome Number}}\
{\listtext	84.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Plus One}}\
{\listtext	85.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Sqrt(x)}}\
{\listtext	86.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Pow(x n)}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/meta-asked-102-times"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	87.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal}}\
{\listtext	88.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Path Sum}}\
{\listtext	89.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Binary Tree Right Side View}}\
{\listtext	90.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Binary Tree Level Order Traversal}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/must-know-google-problem"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	91.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Minimum Absolute Difference in BST}}\
{\listtext	92.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/surrounded-regions/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Surrounded Regions}}\
{\listtext	93.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Clone Graph}}\
{\listtext	94.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-division/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Evaluate Division}}\
{\listtext	95.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Generate Parentheses}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/hot-backtracking-problem-inside"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	96.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Sort List}}\
{\listtext	97.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-circular-subarray/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Maximum Sum Circular Subarray}}\
{\listtext	98.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Find Peak Element}}\
{\listtext	99.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array}}\'a0[{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://instabyte.io/p/must-know-algo-for-interviews"}}{\fldrslt \ul Solution}}]\
{\listtext	100.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100"}}{\fldrslt \ul Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array}}\
}